Readme file for getops.mod for Eggdrop 1.8.x or later

by Brain <brain@fbi.hu>

Introduction
------------

This module uses the functions of the new 3.x series getops.tcl, so opping,
inviting and other stuff becomes faster then ever. It has all the great
functions that getops 3.x has, like:

  - Really new op asking-giving style. The bot who joins (or wants to get
    op somehow) does nothing. The others, who have been on the chan for some 
    time, see the bot joining, and offer an op immediately. You can set in the
    .conf file, how many op giving requests should your bot reply. So, no op 
    flood, and no delay with op giving.
    
  - Modechange watch. If a bot gets deopped, it asks for op right away. Or
    the other way: if none of the bots are opped on the channel, and one of 
    them gets op, it instantly offers op to the (opless) others.
    
  - Link watch. If a bot links, the others offer an op (on the channels the 
    bot is on).
  
  - New "let me in" style. If a channel is full (limit), the bot, who wants 
    to join, asks for limit raise, the others raise it and send back an 
    invitation to join. You don't have to wait until the bot tries to get in 
    once again. (It's the same, when a bot's address is banned.)
    
The module is fully compatible with the getops tcl, so if one of your bot has
getops.tcl in it, and the others have getops.mod, no problem, it will work nice.


Installation
------------

This modified version of getops.mod requires eggdrop 1.8.0 or better and you
need to load irc, server and channels module in your eggdrop config file. If you
have a compiled (and running) eggdrop you have to recompile it!

 1. Go to the directory where you have the eggdrop source code.
     (Normally the directory where you have extracted the eggdrop tarball)
 2. Go to src/mod/ directory and copy the getops.mod tarball there.
 3. Type "tar zxvf getops.mod-x.x.x.tar.gz"
    (If that doesn't work type first "gzip -d getops.mod-x.x.x.tar.gz"
    and then "tar -xvf getops.mod-x.x.x.tar")
 4. Configure and compile eggdrop like you would normally do it.
    (e.g, ./configure ; make config ; make ; make install)
		    
I also included the latest version of getops.tcl (3.0c). The script is fully compatible
with the module, so if you have a bot that you cannot recompile with the
module (a precompiled one or something like that), just add the tcl script
to the it's config file, and that's all.

The getops.mod settings can be found in the getops.conf file.
You should copy it to your eggdrop directory, edit it if you want
and then add line "source getops.conf" to your eggdrop config file
or you can just copy the contents of the file to your eggdrop config file.
If you want to use the default settings all you need to do is to add
line "loadmodule getops" to your eggdrop config file. If your bot is
running you have to restart it (or try typing 'loadmod getops' but it might
crash, so do it carefully!)


Feedback & stuff
----------------

This module is no longer supported by the original author. It's provided for
your convenience. If it doesn't compile or run, you can write to pseudo@egg6.net
For any other problems, I'm sorry but no support will be provided.

Latest version
--------------

This module is no longer developed. For compatibility updates, look at:

http://eggdrop.egg6.net/modules/

You can also find here other 3rd party modules updated by me to run on recent
eggdrop versions.


License
-------

getops.mod is released to the public under the terms of the GNU General Public 
License. For the complete license please see the file called COPYING in your 
eggdrop directory.


Copyright (C) 2003  Brain <brain@fbi.hu>
